[joy-ui][docs] Add docs for changing styles based on states (#39597)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/customization/themed-components/themed-components.md

});
```

> ### Change styles based on states

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Change styles based on state
```

Joy UI components increase the CSS specificity of the styles when they are in a given state such as `selected`, `disabled`, `focusVisible`, etc.

> To override the styles of a given state, use the classes selector from the component. The import is the camel-case name of the component followed by `Classes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override styles of a specific state, import the component's class selector using its name in camel-case followed by `Classes`.
```

Tiny suggestion here 😃

```js
import { listItemButtonClasses } from '@mui/joy/ListItemButton';

extendTheme({
  components: {

>     JoyChip: {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    JoyListItemButton: {
```

      styleOverrides: {

>         root: ({ theme }) => ({

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        root: () => ({
```

          [`&.${listItemButtonClasses.selected}`]: {

>             color: 'rgba(255 255 255 / 0.72)',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            color: 'rgba(255 255 255 / 0.7)',
```

Nit 😅 Just to avoid having a random decimal value

          },

>         }),

Author: ```suggestion
        },
```

      },
    },
  },
});
```

> The available states are: `active`, `checked`, `completed`, `disabled`, `error`, `expanded`, `focused`, `focusVisible`, `open`, `readOnly`, `required`, `selected`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think `open` state is available.
